bpo-25866: Minor cleanups to "sequence" in docs (#17177)
python/cpython: Doc/reference/datamodel.rst

  (the other bases must have empty slot layouts) - violations raise
  :exc:`TypeError`.

* If an iterator is used for *__slots__* then a descriptor is created for each

>   of the iterator's values. However, the *__slots__* variable will be an empty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  of the iterator's values. However, the *__slots__* attribute will be an empty
```

mappings, ``in`` should search the mapping's keys; for sequences, it should
search through the values.  It is further recommended that both mappings and
sequences implement the :meth:`__iter__` method to allow efficient iteration

> through the container; for mappings, :meth:`__iter__` should return an iterator

Reviewer: Minor, but in my opinion it helps the sentence read better.

```suggestion
through the container; for mappings, :meth:`__iter__` should iterate
```
